hi my name is kung Li former Strikeforce
middleweight champion today's pro tip is
the reverse angle scissor kick and it
leads down into a hill hook or a foot
lock but I'm going to focus on the hill
hook I'm going to bring in my partner
James Terry who's 7 and 1 in MMA and a
Walter Wade container in Strikeforce so
here I like to jab and I like to throw
this leg this side kick up instead of
going the opposite way I throw this leg
up and I come in and scissor the other
way and then I bring him down so I'm not
going to go full motion yet I throw a
jab to get him thinking about the punch
and I come up and I scissor in so I'm
going to finish throw the jab come in
pull the leg right here further but
we're going to go over the technique of
this scissor kicks the most important
thing is all about the timing if he
moves out of the way on my jab I don't
have it most time I like guys who cover
up and I'm throwing punches and they're
covered up right here and they're taking
the punches and I just sneak that
scissor kick right in there so I throw
the jab and he's still there then I do
it throw the jab pull that leg right
here I'm gonna try to go slower
obviously there's gravity so I can't go
that slow jab
yes last time and that's today's pro tip